No way to get notifications for it such as email (that I can find).
The tone can be very informal at times
Needs even more content, from all areas of D development
It is great
lack of real applications , case-study of D success
Dislike: People attitude (negative, atacking). Lacking: In some technical discussions that seem to enter into an endless-loop I miss a final word from Walter and/or Andrei clarifying the point.
occasional articles directly by Walter or Andrei would be nice.
/
would like to see more practical tutorials on debugging memory and GC problems, profiling
I don't know.
More frequent updates
I think it's pretty good.
nothing
Not much.
Oddly posts either seem to be too simple - as to be almost useless or very advanced where the advanced material is not properly explained
 
Would be more helpful, articles on how to implement things with D, than just the same old defending the GC and why some stuff is better than C++
There could be more series! E.g. about real interfacing with C++ and/or other languages.
Nothing in particular
Very interesting blog. Have unsubscribed due to the use of FeedBurner, which is owned by Google (privacy concerns). Have searched for a hidden link that circumvents FeedBurner, but none seems to exist. Would certainly resubscribe if FeedBurner is dropped or a bypass would exist.
I  am still evaluating.
n/a
-
-
Maybe the DBlog could be complemented with some more technical articles and reports that would showcase the power and expressiveness of D. Something like Guru of the Week for D.
There could be more game development topics
I would love to read more articles which demonstrate cool D features in interesting ways.
nothing
a) needs to be more frequent b) sometimes too specific; needs more general content
The blog could be improved with more beginner level materials.
It is a pain to use the archive of the DBlog
Part (b) wasn't a fair question. There were literally no middle options.
Needs more content in general.
There is a lack of deep dives into some advanced topics. With D you can solve difficult problems easier or make impossible possible(binderoo rapid iteration framework)
I would like more content in general
It could be a bit easier to discover on the website (very minor nitpick).
Over focus on GC, betterC, and all advanced features of D but never anything for people who are not higher level language zealots.
The blog is great. More articles on Industry usage and case studies will be good.
--
It would be a good idea to have few articles about "how do you do x in D." with examples and real world applications
I want more real world D usecase.
Tutorials for "scripting"-like tasks. I used D as a faster Python. Having good blogs on how D can help you with everyday tasks like scraping pages, cleaning CSVs, connecting to DBs, etc
No focus on machine learning ( how about the Netflix Vectorflow code ? )
Needs more content.
Nothing. 
I would love to hear from contributors and what they are working with.
Could use some longer more detailed articles. 
I would like to have more content about the d language. Idiomatic usage, pitfalls, Tipps and Tricks, how do hughe projects build their products.
Would appreciate more stories about using D on larger projects such as games, or corporate infrastructure
More news about D.
it's perfect! Big thanks! maybe only design
Nothing specific comes to mind.
I really like the posts and I just wish they appeared more often.
I wish more hands-on articles on solving non-trivial real world problems
Often do not know how to use info that I get there :)
Add there some links on personal d blogs
The dblog is great. Some topics are over my head, but it's always interesting.
Most recent one about this survey seemed like the author was trying way too hard to be clever.  Just made it hard to read in my opinion.
Not enough posts. Sometimes it is better to write small notes just to be up to date. Big articles are greate, just add more small
I just love reading generally. Also I can always hope to learn about some abilites of D I've not heard, or thought, of.
 
 
nothing
I want business usecase
I'd like to see more posts
It would be great if there were more articles :)
Not enough posts :)
More overall visions about the future of D and the community. Highlighting of achievements in this process by the core team. Maybe just do quarterly an interview with the core team saying where is the focus of the D Foundation.
Nothing
-
To much focus on getting C/C++ Programmers on board.
I don't know. I do not read the DBlog that often
I don't dislike anything particular so far.
Tone is too formal Is often a series of quotes rather than a fully fledged article Could add a series of shorter how-to style articles, tips, as formerly featured in The Week in D Make the blog a global menu item on dlang.org
Can't think of anything.
More content. The language chief architects should contribute a little more on the progress and future work. It helps to glue the community together. I would like summaries of controversial and long topic threads from the forums. 
Nothing, it is a blog.
Some of the content is pretty dry to someone not deeply entrenched in the D language.  That doesn't necessarily help to draw in outsiders.
would like to see more diverse authors using D from different perspectives
N/A
promote advanced and newly added features more
The lack of regular and varied content.
this block should be more detailed
Nothing
Only read a scant few articles, so hard to say in general. The articles I did read were mostly nice and informative. No idea about the others.
Nothing.
few posts
There's not nearly enough of it.
-
It lacks language articles for intermediate users a.k.a. "did you know that...".
more frequent posts
Dunno...I tend to read what interests me, that's all! :-)
Not enough articles.
More frequent posts. Posts after point releases explaining new features.
The content can be more high quality, as published directly from the authors themselves instead of a "translation" from Mike
A consistent posting schedule, or posts that are most focused on particular parts of the language (implementation, community updates, the like) are too rare to foster consistent viewership. Navigation could also be improved to make viewing older entries less of an exercise in scrolling.
I love the blog! 
Some contents are not interested. I like features introductions such as mir, betterC and GC. I would like a summary of what happened in forums and communities once in a few months.
Nada!
Not much, its OK
Editor's weak technical knowledge is unfortunately rather obvious (showing in inaccuracies, confusingly worded statements, etc.). This might not be important for new programmers, but definitely for attracting people experienced in other languages. (Guest posts are often better; Walter's could similarly use a pass or two by someone aware of programming language design ideas from the last twenty years.)
Unfinished series
It's always about D :)
it's good... nothing to complain
Posts could sometimes be longer. 
Honestly nothing, it's brilliant. I'd love four times the volume!
more "to-do's" from the Gurus and real life examples / projects would be great 
too few posts! the pauses between the parts of some article series are too long
Nothing in particular
Hard to find or browse the content of older posts that may have useful content.
Not enough posts per month? Usually good content.
The blog posts tend to be quite short. I would love them to be more in-depth.
That is all right
In the future, I'd like to see two things covered: SPEED, to shut up people from the other systems languages complaining in EVERY thread. Then, domain-specific libraries for popular fields. Cover vibe has been covered; maybe cover large features of it in detail. Feature Mir for all the scientific computation nerds. Demonstrate dlangui or gtk-d for UI development. Proudly feature things that people look for and use.
More tutorials - can help newcommers to see the benefits
I'd love to see more D-specific cool tips and tricks
Need more from Walter and Andre
More information on numeric D (e.g. Mir).
Too technical.
Nothing
Does not provide insights about state of language or ecosystem development. Material seems fragmented thematically and in level of depth
i don't know, maybe images?
The language shifts from first person to second person and back and forth. It would've been much better if the article is written as the first person experience.
Blogs are not organized by subjects
Little discussion
Not enough images. It's not much and they don't have to bring extraordinary value, but it would create a theme and make most articles easier to identify and remember when skimming through the blog.
don't know yet
don't know
no real complaints. would be nice to have insight into the direction development is heading (e.g. DIPs).
Some of the posts get fairly rambley
More library spotlight, more IDE plugin spotlight, so more people will come and help maintain them, because IDE support is really lacking!!!!
I would like to see more articles in general. I would like to see more articles showing "this is how you do *this* in D" assuming you already know the language you just don't always know the best way to do things
It's pretty good.
I could use a few more articles about the future direction of the language.
Needs more marketing and simple reasons to use D.
Nothing really. Just some topics are more interesting than others.
I have no complaints.
For a while it didn't update that often, but it's doing better
Could be some longer posts
The sparseness, more high quality articles would be a nice to have.
no
This is one of the rear bright things. Good job, Mike!
none 
None, posts have been great
I only read the D blog occasionally, so I have little to comment on.
 
No complaints
More posts would be awesome!
It can be quite patchy, and some series start but aren't followed up quickly enough to maintain interest. 
I wish there were articles about D's interesting aspects a bit more often!
Nothing.
Sometimes the subjects covered are not that interesting, because they are too esoteric, or too niche, etc.
more developer stories. tips and tricks. More and shorter entries. Short enough for a 5min coffee break
Post more often? (But how to still keep the quality?)
More Frequent Posts wolle be Nice, But i know that is difficult 
Make posts more often, it's an great read
Postings are not frequent enough.
That should be the official channel for the foundation, with reports, periodic statistics, plans.
Maybe some periodicall articles aboud great D feauters or D design choices.
more posts would be nice ( i know it needs more contributors )
Nothing really.
The blog does not have a cohesive theme. Rather it’s a mix of upcoming announcements sprinkled with esoteric topic (why D is better C? Which is not really a newcomer topic is it?). 
I have nothing negative to say about the DBlog. It's just amazing.
Nothing
I would have liked more post from guest authors, to get a more general feel of the D community. What their struggles are, what they gained by using D, or just more project showcases. 
its ok
Not enough posts from leadership about where things are going
Needs more content
Nothing
no organization of published content. posts from more than a year are lost (as they're not interconnected)
None
It should have more articles on "hands-on" D. Like more interviews with people using D in various industries (dealing their experience) and let the community know about what works/doesn't.
Nothing in particular...
Nothing in particular. 
N/A
I read all my news through an RSS app. Therefore dlang sits in some category and I go through new items once every few hours. The titles in DBlog are not self-contained in the sense that mixed with other news articles it's impossible to know that it's D. For example, Bootstrap's titles always start with "Bootstrap". D's start with "DMD version NN" or "New DMD Release: ..." and sometimes just an obscure title (Project Highlight: ...).
