It's often difficult to figure out if the issue is with D itself or one of the libraries I am using (ex. vibe.d). Thus it's usually easier to file with the library owner as they are often more plugged into current Dlang/DMD issues than I am.
I had none to report
Haven't had one
Nothing special
Not needed to
Did not feel like it.
time, level of detail required, not having read through existing issues for a match.
the fact that I am using D1.
Haven’t had any that we repeatable. 
Account. Formal structure
Time
I don't like buzilla.
no entiendo la pregunta, perdonen
I have not used advanced D features yet.  I am still a beginner who wanted to replace C with D.
bugzilla complexity
'cos my notices are cleared by other people
Never sure if there's bandwidth for it
 
My job is not testing and doing QA for D, I work for a living.
Not enough experience to tell if it was me or D, which was broken.
nothing
Nothing in particular, have not encountered issues of such severity that they required reporting.
Have not gotten to that point as yet.
n/a
Not having enough expertise (e.g. mutating immutable on an old windows version years ago, but when I was still a new programmer and unsure whether it was Windows or DMD that was erroneous)
Never run into problems
I prefer GitHub or GitLab. I've never used Bugzilla before.
Laziness and most issues I find have already been filed
No code of conduct and I don't want white men to shout at me for existing
Absence of necessity.
Nothing
My code is quite basic, rarely  (if ever) encounter any issues that aren't faults in my own code
mostly finding a bug and registering, bugzilla search isn't that great as well
Fed up creating accounts for languages and all the other projects that can not embrace a standard. Bugs need to be report them on Github. End of story
--
Never ran into anything requiring it.
  
Don't feel like I know how compilers are supposed to work well enough to ask
I'm usually never sure if the problem is mine or the compiler or library.
I havent found issues
Haven't encountered a bug in dmd or dub
never gets done, probably retire before that
Part of it is the 80 bugzilla UI, it feels Like If I click submit that an 80 mainframe will process my issued into the void
never been the first to find an issue to open
to complex to do it
no issue found/ already reported
never had a real issue which could not be solved by my code ;-)
Didn't run into any.
not a compiler proffesional
- bugzilla :) - lack of time to properly write the issue
Compiler issues were not a big problem and the bugs that do bother me were already reported in bugzilla by others.
no
Th eissues I encounter are already reported.
Registration and bugzilla itself. Github and its issues is a standard, bugzilla is old thing that I don't want to use
Did not use in a critical enough task maybe and it is just for hobby as of now, mainly.
Dunno
haven't hit major bugs
Haven't find yet one that was not already filled by someone else.
unsure if it's a bug
No new issues encountered
N/A
Still struggling with learning process, haven't identified any bugs.
go to github, bugzilla is compliacated
I'm not knowledgeable enough to identify it as an issue nor to bring it down to a small reproducable case.
Was allready reported
Not knowing enough
the way previous issues were handled seems keeping your fingers crossed and hoping for the best is the optimal strategy at the moment
I never ran over an issue that was worth filing.
I always get the feeling that my 'issue' is fully intended behaviour (when it comes to library/language issues)  For some other issues/improvements I feel the older members will just shoot down the idea, or that the issue's probably already been reported but I can't find it.
not found
na
No real issue other than LDC installation confusion.
My still much in development understanding of D. When I become sufficiently competent I may start opening issues myself.
github is better
I haven’t found issues
Obviously never have used D, so no issues to file :-)
Never found an issue that wasn't already reported
no
I have yet to find something that hasn't been previously reported.
Disparate account management
The few times I've thought I discovered a bug, and asked about it in the forum or IRC, it turns out it was just unintuitive language behavior. 
Not expert enough in D
Nothing
Haven't found one! I have opened a couple of issues in the LDC github bug tracker
Lack of time to see if my issue is something I did or if it's actually something on D's end
Not having a project complex enough for me to find one.
I need an account and bugzilla  it's not that easy to find
I didn't know if it was a bug or not, or it wasn't a big enough problem
None
Unsure if it's a bug or me being stupid. Generally, I ask a question on D.Learn, saying "is this a bug" and then someone else says "yes" and they log it.
Feels intimidating
Not knowing if an issue was already known, or was a legitimate issue.
The problem has already been voiced
I have not yet encountered a bug, or if I have I did not recognize it.
No concrete problem.
I don't like email notifications. Would prefer to be informed of comments to my issue via other notifications (or GitHub issues in general)
Haven't *discovered* anything wrong. 
Not being sure if the issue is known. Trawling through all the existing trying to find out is way too much work.
I've not needed to open any issues
Haven't had the need yet
The issues (compiler bugs) already existed for years but haven't been fixed.
bugzilla user account.
Concerned about filing duplicate bugs
Never found one.
Haven't run into an issue for long enough to warrant filing an issue.
Didn't find a new bug :-)
no problem
lack of time 
Haven't ever found an issue.
Laziness/assuming already known
I don't feel qualified.
The few issues I personally experienced had already been reported.  They had been ignored or closed.  Example optlink windows path parsing bug.
The issue is already documented
Would you ever do UFCS for class/struct methods? Yeah...
I was not sure of myself.
No
Lack knowlage. And also not many bugs in my usecases.
"Am I doing it wrong?" Feelings
Lack of time...
Only case where I suspected an issue with the compiler, it was an issue with GDC, so I switched to DMD.
haven't found any
Laziness
