Fewer breaking changes. For me to justify more serious use of it at work and otherwise, it needs to start to stabilize more than it has been in the past couple years.
Allow to use some non-allocating language features without the runtime
more speed and less system resources utilization
better stack traces and error messages
Better error reporting for templates
Faster CTFE
For the momento, stop adding new things, correct as many bugs as possible with several and frequent micro versions (2.79.1, 2.79.2...) and finish the implementation of language (i.e. multiple alias this)
DMD's optimizer to stop producing bad code.
To actually be the same frontend across all implementations.
The same program compiled under dmd for Windows is noticably slowed than gdc for Linux on the same machine
Greater optimization of binary sizes.
Easier to understand error messages, like the rustc errors. 
Full GCC compatibility / compatible flags
Clearer error messages/less random segfaults
error messages should point more directly at the problem root
Better error messages in corner cases
Syntactic sugar for common idioms
More explanatory error messages. I have *some* type theory background so I understand majority of error messages, but many of my colleagues and friends often ponder what the hell the error even means.
To have a builtin build system (similar to Jai and Zig) so that there's no need for an external build system with its own separate language
Stuff like https://issues.dlang.org/show_bug.cgi?id=13868 to get fixed
Good compile error message.
more informative messages for some errors
Better error messages, especially with mixins.
Warnings for bug prone implicit conversions.
Please make the associative array to be faster.
Less cryptic error messages.
Error messages are hard to interpret.
Proper parallel compilation, "fast" they say, takes about 30s to build some projects, while my 8 cores sit largely unused.
More helpful type error messages in std.concurrency
Error messages on templates. They are a lot better than in C++, but still not very helpful at times.
VisualStudio integration out of the box (via vs marketplace)
Print proper and human-understandable output to identify what went wrong during compilation/linking.
Been too long
Bit cumbersome to use, too many options. Needs to be more make friendly.
AST macros, which would enable many more features (eg string interpolation)
Blazing fast compile times
No idea at this point.
improved error messages
Lambda syntax for functions and methods
-dip1000 complete
Implement all forms of is-expressions (or document its limitations)
Easy NoGC interface polymorphism without requiring deep magic (e.g. casting manual __vtbl structs to void* to interface)
Easy cross-platform (ARM, x86, x64), enough for todays mobile and desktop development
better error message
Compatible with the mostly welcomed development tools(linker, debugger etc.)
Language as a library for better editors
Clang level human understandable error messages
Output files with mixin code filled in
For it to compile a better language
In Linux, failing unittests often only report line numbers as "??".  A good workaround, however, is to use the "fluent-asserts" package.
Better error messages and less memory usage.
bugs fixed
Compiler has become very slow as D encourages more and more meta.
Distributed compilation
Incremental builds
Clearer error messages for complicated situations that help find the spot where the problems come from instead of where the compiler notices them.
no idea
Better stability. Tried using my code again after 2 years. It’s a pretty hopeless endeavour that cost me at least 8 hours before I had enough.
Single installer for all compiler. Single front end for all compiler instead of Dmd, rdmd, ldc, gdc, dub, ... Jesus Christ in a hand basket.
elm and rust like error messages
rdmd, dmd, dub's command line interface, linking process, module finding and ERROR MESSAGES!  should be more user-friendly
Better unit test ouput. E.g. if tests are annotated with @("some string) treat that as the test name and print success/failure
Easier to understand parser.d, easier to use as a library.
Move to LLVM completely for better future compatability
meaningful error messages
Maybe this exists already, but I can't see how to compile project A to a static library and include it as a dependency in project B without explicitly including all source files for A
Better DLL support, better vector support.
Better insight into compile-time behavior. (#2 Documentation on its implementation.)
Better error messages.
understanding of more object file formats
(minor) Specifying output target path a single option instead of directory and filename separately
assembler output
LDC to be up-to-date with DMD
To release the backend as an open source project.
Verbose error messages.
String interpolation a la C#, PHP, etc.
An inliner that works.
more like d1, no template hell, more windows support
- a document that is Part of the repo which explains which package and module are responsible for doing what. 
Fix the extreme memory usage. The frontend is unusable in an IDE at this time because of it.
cent / ucent, fp arithmetic at compiletime
Consistent speed of compilation
better error messaging
First class optionals/non-nullables
An option to show error line numbers in Emacs-compatible format
Compile-time execution of ANY code.
Better error messages.
volatile
better documentation for crosscompilation.
Recent 512mb limit issue was blocking for me. Looks like its wixed/contained for now.
a good and easy to use gui library
Common ABI
better error messages
Consistent error messages and stack traces
Fix bugs quickly
The biggest problem I was having was that compilations got really really slow once you had significant amounts of fancy template and CTFE stuff.
Advisor for more beautiful, robust, efficient coding.
More iDiomatic implementation :). It could use those parts of Phobos that are not used as a runtime library.
Shared libraries
N/A
 
better compiler error message
Better memory management for DMD.
less memory usage or no memory limits on compiling
compiler as a library for better language support in tools as dscanner, DCD etc 
Faster CTFE
Makefile-style dependency generation for various build systems
more accurate error message
Better error traces and help similar to what the Rust compiler has
be part of the debian / ubuntu distribution without any additional d-apt...
Cilk+ extension (cilk_spawn/cilk_sync)
Clearer Error messages
Give exact line of code that is failing, and suggestion to fix
Native x86-64 Windows support
Better portability (OpenBSD for DMD) and more recent ports/packages in the repos
Error message fixes up the wazoo!
Clear rich cross-platform SIMD instrinsics story
Options for outputting documentation adhering to my project structure but in a different location
Better error messages
stability, speed. Switch to and support LDC as the main D compiler. 
better error messages for template code
Better error reporting.  Make the template/function/class more succinct and the actual error more descriptive.  If you can point out exactly where in a line the error occurred, as rustc does.
CTFE/template debugger
Better error messages WRT template problems.
More focus on stability, less focus on implementing new poorly-thought out features (shared, scope,  const)
Faster templates, less memory use
better error msg, suggest attributes and const / immutable
Simpler integration with Visual Studio
Less syntax and gramar exception; implementation of high level language concepts through well defined low level concepts
perfection? :P
Better error messages.
Nicer error messages
More sane memory usage for large projects
Pattern matching definitely!
At the very least an option for turning on sane memory management. Currently it's completely unusable on my low-memory system.
Better error messages.
Better Error messages. *Better template error messages*
A LTS version that stays the same for 5 years. And a bleeding edge version.
I want an error message that is easy to understand like rustc.
Improve CTFE/template compile performance.; compile times are bad/slow despite advertising the opposite.
dmd support for ios, android and windows store
WebAssembly backend.
No garbage collection!
Better error messages
Runtime UDA
Error messages are poor at best.
Friendlier error messages.
Lower memory usage.
Stricter error checking
Better error messages. 
Implicit constructors for structures.
Better error messages for thing that are only slightly wrong e.g. typos causing template error message
reasonable memory and CPU use for templates and CTFE
DLL support for Windows 
better error messages
Better error messages
Caching (incremental compilation) on the template/symbol level
Compile-time debugging/error features, e.g. output code to files with mixins expanded etc.
Better performing CTFE
Reduced memory consumption (dmd)
Improve the basics further: faster code, compiler faster.
better error messages
dont use 2gb for compiling vibe lol
No more forward-reference errors.
Improvements on the -betterC.
better inout support
Faster templates
I'd never say no to some more helpful error messages
better clearer helpfuller error messages AND support for mixed and upfront unknown keys in AA's (see Perls hashes)
faster on some template, compiletime stuff + better error messages
More optimal code generation
Better error messages
More informative error messages when template instantiation fails
BETTER ERROR MESSAGES. Especially template errors are somehow worse than in C++. 
Better error messages.
Better optimizations.
Better error messages
64bit Windows compiler, too high memory usage
Better error messages.
GDC/DMD/LDC at the same Version 
Faster compiling (templates, CTFE)
Better error messages
Useful error messages
Bug free
DMD is a mess and low portable and LDC is not following DMD as good as I want
cross compilation
better error messages, better gc for runtime
DMD specifically - fix inlining bugs that produce incorrect code. Considering both DMD and LDC - fast CTFE.
Stop leaking memory
Better error messages for wrong function arguments.
Better error messages, especially when using template mixins
Parse C header files
Sane memory use (and less segfaults)
Ios/android support
Better / less cryptic error messages (providing tips on how to fix an error)
Less "we know it best" approach.
More simplified meta-programming. D has many features that seem to tackle one problem specifically, they are more rigid than the C preprocessor, but not as flexible.
nicely formatted, understandable range/template error messages; performance of compiled code
A short bullet inbuilt tutorial on project compilation for people not familiar with CL deployment toolchains.
Clear error messages
Optimized CTFE and templates
Better organization and documentation of source to help newcomers understand and contribute to the compiler
Keep a focus on compile times and exe size.
Better error messages.
Better debug info on macos.  Stack traces don't have line numbers, lldb is essentially useless last time I looked
For such a heavy template based language, it needs better error messages for templates
better C/C++ interop
Always be (correct and) blazingly fast, no matter how many templates or other constructs are used
better more structered and ide parseable error messages
Less memory usage, please.
64-bit Windows support without using Visual Studio
Being able to very easily use D as a Better C, last I tried I needed to strip symbols out of the generated binary, etc. Here is a repository showing a simple program from scratch that prints out each string from argv, you can see the compiler flags and stripping I needed to do in build.d https://github.com/miotatsu/BareD/tree/master/src 
replace DCD
To not break valid correct code in updates.
Better error messajes. More warnings. Yeah I put two things. Sue me.
Bug-free
A full featured IDE sitting in front of it.
Compiler as a library with an API suitable for external tools
better metaprogramming debugging
Decouple from the runtime
Please turn on memory management!
Line info in backtraces on macOS
Last time I tried trying to get 64 bit Windows applications to work was a pain.
I would like to compile C ++ and D by one compiler.
error messages can always be improved. I'd also like to see optimizations to the resulting binary sizes. 
better compile error messages that are more descriptive of the cause and reason of the problem 
Improved templates/ctfe.
Success, more widespread usage.
Not sure what exactly.
It would be cool to leverage the compiler for code completition. And I dont mind how slow it woul be.
Better error messages, specially for template errors.
Take less memory, be faster
ARM64 LDC builds.  I can't figure out building them myself.
Less regressions (blocker bugs), more focus on quality.
Not the compiler, but please provide good debug capablities on macOS!
compiler as library
Not so many bugs
including C headers directly 
Keep improving error messages to provide more clarity
Better errors when it cannot infer template type arguments 
bug fixes
Attribute Inference
More informative template mismatch errors
rdmd built in.
